docs: improve clarity in dependency injection guide (#68324)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/di/overview.md

<docs-decorative-header title="Dependency injection in Angular" imgSrc="adev/src/assets/images/dependency_injection.svg"> <!-- markdownlint-disable-line -->

Dependency Injection (DI) is a design pattern you use to organize and share code across your application by supplying dependencies to a class instead of creating them inside it.
</docs-decorative-header>

TIP: Check out Angular's [Essentials](essentials/dependency-injection) before diving into this comprehensive guide.

As an application grows, developers often need to reuse and share functionality across different parts of the codebase. [Dependency Injection (DI)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_injection) helps you achieve this by allowing you to provide dependencies to a class instead of creating them directly inside it. This makes different parts of the application more reusable and easier to manage.

Dependency injection is a popular pattern because it allows developers to address common challenges such as:

- **Improved code maintainability**: Dependency injection promotes a clear separation of concerns, making code easier to refactor and reducing duplication.

> - **Scalability**: Modular functionality can be reused across different parts of an application, making it easier to scale.

Reviewer: Let's continue the effort of using the active voice. 
```suggestion
- **Scalability**: You can reuse modular functionality across different parts of an application, making it easier to scale.
```
